what is the central problem that we aim to solve?
what is the source of the urgency?
 clear timely communication of up to date policies procedures and strategy is critical to the success of your organization.
 is it just clear and timely? what else is it

 if your organiztion trains a high volume of people or provides many people with the same information this will save you time and money
 assess the rentention of important policies and procedures.
 use this service  as a prescreening tool for important projects

 targeted communications of mission critical information

 you must articulate the need what is the need.

 do you need to train your employees?  Are you frequently dealing updated procedures or regulatory policies?
 Clear communication of this information is critical to the success of your organization?  With elearning solutions
 Elearning solutions will ensure an accurate will disiminate your companies message clearly and accurately
 providing an easy to use platform for updating your instructional content and for  assessing you personnel's retention
 of critical policies and procedures.

 accoutability in training and development campaigns


 WHO IS YOUR IDEAL CLIENT?

 benefits:
  remember learn
  increased retention
  entertaining memeorable  effective
  learning points
  interactive
  track and measure (what is the difference between two?)

  what are we demonstrating in the animation:
    our technical ability
    the easy of setting up the service
    potential miscommunication: clients may think this is an automated platform

  what values do we want to communicate?

  start the presentation with a question that highlights the clients need:

  WHAT DO WE WANT TO ACCOMPLISH WITH THE PRESENTATIONS:
  engaging, fun, interactive, example
    who is our client?
      education and healthcare organizations, or non-profits *WHY THESE TYPES OF ORGANIZATIONS? that need to explain update policies and procedures
      or offer quick easy convenient access to academic or professional development resources
      to thier personnel. non

    *These orgs are percieved to have a need for updatable communications policies procedures research or techniques.  Whats the benefits
    staying on the cutting edge having an informed group facilitates the orgs mission enhances loyalty internal stability
    growth longevity etc

  KEY INNOVATIONS:
    multilingual - who would need multilingual presentations?

THE SOLUTION IS HERE:
online traini

what can we do for you organization?
enagage, inform, grow
how?
interactive presentations.
accessible everywhere
trackable assesment = informed decision making
demonstrating the tracking and assessment capability

WHAT MAKES AN EFFECTIVE PRESENTATION
WHAT MAKES AND EFFECTIVE TRAINING CAMPAIGN
